Firefox 2 RC1 Impressions
Published on September 26, 2006.
So today, Firefox 2.0 RC1 got released!
Sick of seeing Firefox take 500Mb of ram, I upgraded.
I figured that if it’s good enough to be a candidate for release, it’s good enough for me.
So far, things are going okay.
The browser’s been open for a few hours now and it’s only (!?) taking up 100Mb of ram.
I’ve got 6 tabs open.
If this were the older version, I’m pretty sure we’d be at around 500. No joke.
Firefox seems to be less sluggish, which is good.
The visual theme has also been updated to look more shiny and glossy.
I’ve also discovered that there’s an integrated spellchecker that works its magic on any textarea.
Pretty awesome. I can’t wait for Firefox 2.0 to officially be released.
Then, and only then, can I get a Firefox 2.0 t-shirt to commemorate the occasion.